{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Love this one. It has a mechanic the Pivot Simulator doesn't: the clock is the enemy AND a liar. Here's the full treatment:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Core loop
\f0\b0 \
A live transcript scrolls in real time. Coworkers speak, line by line, like a chat feed. You watch the meeting happen and react. The game is attention management: stay engaged enough to respond correctly when danger comes, but engagement drains your Focus, and Focus is what you need to survive the whole thing.\

\f1\b The signature mechanic: the timer goes up
\f0\b0 \
The meeting is scheduled for 30 minutes. The timer can and will exceed it. The Rambler adds time. "Quick question" adds 4 minutes, always. "One more thing" as people are saying goodbye adds 6. Watching 30:00 become 34:00 while you're powerless is the emotional core of the game. Your special moves are the only way to claw time back, but each costs social capital. That's the central trade: suffer silently or intervene and be perceived.\

\f1\b Resources
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Focus.
\f0\b0  Drains while you pay attention. If it hits zero you're fully checked out: the transcript literally blurs into "something something Q3 something synergy," and if you get called on in that state, you're cooked.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Visibility.
\f0\b0  The Goldilocks meter, and the second big idea. Too low and the boss notices you've said nothing: "You've been quiet, thoughts?" Too high and you're clearly engaged, which means you're clearly available: action items gravitate toward you. You want to hover in the invisible middle. Camera-off regenerates Focus but tanks Visibility toward the danger zone.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Action Items.
\f0\b0  Three and you lose. They stick to you through dodges, deflections, and one horrifying event where you get assigned one while on mute.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Player inputs
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nod QTEs.
\f0\b0  Prompts appear on a timing window when someone makes a point. Nod on time: small Visibility maintenance, cheap and safe. Miss: nothing. Nod at the WRONG moment: disaster ("You nodded while Karen announced the reorg. HR has noted your enthusiasm."). Occasionally the game baits you with a nod prompt during bad news.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Called-on quizzes.
\f0\b0  "Thoughts, [you]?" with a 6-second timer and 3 response options. Here's the hook: the correct answer depends on what was actually said in the last 30 seconds of transcript. If you were zoned out recovering Focus, you weren't reading, and the options are all coin flips. The game rewards actually skimming the fake meeting content, which is the joke eating itself.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Special moves (cooldowns)
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "Let's take this offline"
\f0\b0  (long cooldown): kills the current tangent, -3 minutes off the clock, +Visibility. The nuke.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "Good point"
\f0\b0  (short cooldown): universal safe response, resolves most called-on moments at a mediocre grade.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "You're breaking up, I missed that"
\f0\b0  (medium): forces a repeat, buys you 6 seconds to re-read the transcript before answering. Usable twice before someone says "your connection seems fine."\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "I have a hard stop at :30"
\f0\b0  (one per game): the meeting CANNOT exceed 30:00 anymore. But everyone now knows you have somewhere better to be. Visibility spikes, and remaining action items get assigned faster ("let's wrap up, so, quickly, you'll own the deck, right?").\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Camera off
\f0\b0  (toggle, not cooldown): Focus regen, Visibility decay. The zone-out risk engine.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 The action item hot potato
\f0\b0 \
Periodically the boss says "we need someone to own this." A standoff triggers: you and 2-3 coworkers, everyone silent, tension bar filling. Your options: hold still (someone else might crack), fake a cough, "I think Greg's really close to this one." Deflecting works but builds that coworker's Resentment, and resentful coworkers deflect back at you later with better odds. Volunteer takes the item but grants a big Visibility cushion. If nobody cracks before the bar fills, the boss assigns it to whoever has the highest Visibility. The whole social physics of meetings in one minigame.\

\f1\b Cast (the content engine)
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Rambler
\f0\b0 : adds time, monologues trigger long Focus drain stretches\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Circle-Back Brad
\f0\b0 : says "circle back," "double-click," "align on alignment"; his lines are the zone-out-safe filler\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One-More-Thing Diane
\f0\b0 : attacks exclusively when the meeting is about to end\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mute Guy
\f0\b0 : talks on mute for 20 seconds; nodding during it is an instant bust because there was nothing to nod at\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Boss
\f0\b0 : source of called-on quizzes and action items, tracks your Visibility\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Win/lose states
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Survive to adjournment, 0 action items, mid Visibility
\f0\b0 : perfect run. "You said 11 words in 34 minutes. Leadership material."\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1-2 action items
\f0\b0 : normal win, graded\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 3 action items
\f0\b0 : lose. "Congratulations, you now own the Q3 roadmap."\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Visibility bottoms out
\f0\b0 : "Sorry, I want to make sure everyone's engaged. Can you recap what we just discussed?" Instant hard quiz. Fail = lose.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Focus at zero during a called-on
\f0\b0 : you unmute and say something incoherent. Lose. "You said 'yes, totally, the synergies' in response to a yes/no question."\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 The ending screen
\f0\b0 \
This is where the title pays off. Regardless of outcome, the game generates the follow-up email: the entire 30-to-45-minute meeting summarized in two sentences. Under it: "This email took 40 seconds to read." Then your stats: minutes survived, minutes ADDED by coworkers, nods executed, action items dodged, words spoken (the lower the better).\

\f1\b Pacing
\f0\b0 \
In-game time at ~7x, so a clean 30-minute meeting is ~4.5 real minutes, ballooning toward 7 if tangents run wild. Silly play (nodding at everything, camera off the whole time, spamming "let's take this offline" until everyone hates you) ends runs fast, same shape as the Pivot Simulator.\

\f1\b Scope check
\f0\b0 \
One React artifact, same architecture as last time: a scripted transcript engine (beat structure with randomized filler lines per character), a tick loop, QTE windows, and modals for quizzes and hot potatoes. The transcript content is the biggest lift, roughly the size of the Pivot Simulator's event deck times two.\
One design decision to settle before building: how twitchy should this be? Option A leans arcade (tight nod timing windows, fast quiz timers, more QTEs) and rewards reflexes. Option B leans strategic (generous timers, fewer QTEs, more of the game in the zone-out/visibility economy and the hot potato standoffs). I'd lean B with a light sprinkle of A: the comedy is in the social resource management, and overly twitchy timing would fight the reading-the-transcript mechanic, which is the best idea in here.}